Established in 1970, we are a member owned pool with a family friendly environment.

We are open May-September and our daily hours are 10am-9pm. 

We are located at 297 East Thompson Street in Bogart off Atlanta Highway. 

Click here for directions or use the map below:






The Bogart Community Club was established in 1970 in an effort to give families an affordable place to cool off in the summer.  Forty-four years later we are still following the original intentions of our founders.  The Bogart Pool is owned and maintained by the permanent members.  Each year a limited number of Permanent Memberships and Summer Memberships are available.  Members are expected to conduct themselves appropriately and in accordance with the Club By-Laws. If you are looking for a family friendly and relaxed place to cool off in the summer we welcome you to fill out an application for membership.  Summer Memberships are $385 for the 2020 season. 

Please use the application at right to apply for membership. Once you receive an email that your membership is approved, you can pay your dues here. 

If you have any questions, please contact us at bogartpool19@gmail.com




Summer Membership Dues - $385.00

Annual Permanent Dues - $335.00

Permanent Members - $660.00, which includes annual dues of $335.00





No lifeguard on duty. Swimming at all times will be at your own risk.  
Absolutely no swimming alone.
Public Health Standards require each person to shower before entering the pool. 
No alcoholic beverages are allowed. (could result in membership termination)
No glass containers allowed.  Absolutely NO GLASS is allowed at the pool.
No child under 16 will be admitted without an adult.  
Infants & toddlers must wear disposable swim diapers at all times.  Please take all necessary precautions to make sure swim diapers are secure.
No smoking is permitted inside the fence.
The pool entry gate must be locked immediately upon entering or leaving.
No swimming is allowed during heavy rain or when thunder and lightning can be seen or heard.  Swimming cannot resume until no thunder has been heard for at least 15 minutes.
Only one on the diving board at any time.  Dive only from end of diving board when using board.  Do not dive until area under board is clear.  Diving board rules will be strictly enforced!
No running, dunking or other dangerous horseplay allowed.
Foul, abusive or inappropriate language is not permitted.
No inappropriate displays of affection.
Guests will be allowed on a limited basis.   Guest restrictions are for the protection of club members and are applicable at all times. The member is responsible for all of his or her guests, their actions, conduct, and adherence to all of the rules.
Members should drive slowly and carefully in the parking area.
Children using the Kiddy pool must be 6 years old or under and must be with an adult.
The pool phone is intended for important calls only and for conducting pool business.  It is not available for social calls to friends.  
No food or drink in the pool or within spilling distance of the pool. 
Help keep Bogart Club Pool clean and neat by using trash cans and returning lounge chairs to order when you leave. 
Pool rules apply at all times and are for your safety and protection.            
***** If someone is violating the rules, let them know.  This is a community pool we are all responsible.********  Contact a board member if you feel that there is a safety risk.
Tracy Anderson  706-202-4414
Janet Jones  706-202-1399
Patsy McWhorter  706-540-4408
Suzanne Brooks  706-296-0333
POOL HOURS: 10am-9pm   Everyday





PARTY GUIDELINES
 
Parties are limited to no more than 20 swimming guests. Parents or guests who are not swimming do not need to be counted in the 20 guests.  This is out of respect to our members.
 
Parties that are too large tend to infringe on our members' enjoyment of the pool because they tend to create a different atmosphere.
 
1. All parties must be scheduled and paid for in advance. The fee is $75.00 (non refundable)  and needs to be paid 1 week in advance of the party date. If the party needs to be cancelled please do so 24 hours ahead of scheduled time. 

 Payment can be mailed to:  Bogart Community Club, P.O. Box 491, Bogart, GA 30622
 
2. Parties are limited to a maximum of 20 children.
 
3. Please review pool rules before party.
 
4. Pavilion is to be clean and swept after party. Empty trash containers used under pavilion and put in the cans out by the gate for pick up.
 
5. Please be considerate of other members when playing music. Offensive music (parental advisory) is not allowed.
 
6. You are ultimately responsible for your guest’s behavior, so please be mindful of their actions and the pool rules.
 
7. To book a party, contact us by e-mail at
bogartpool@gmail.com .    
 
Have a safe, fun and enjoyable party!







